girls hello series of video lessons
basic weaving continues today i
show you how to weave a fishtail braid
we will weave it on one side
to make it clearer and more convenient
like a bowl of hair in this weaving we will
use two strands we share our
hair into 2 parts
now from the far left side
on the edge of the left edge we have to scrub
little pryadochka
you can release our left big
strand and this little strand
in total on top of the big left and
attach it to the far right strand
now on the right we also
we allocate a small pryadochka we throw
top and attach a big extremely
white ties again allocate part of the hair
from the left strand and given join
extreme right strand and select the part
hair from the edge to the right
we throw on top we attach to the left
strands
smog part of the hair on the left is attached to
right strand
part of the hair to the right of the left and so weave up
very bottom
spit fish tail
if you like this video put
fingers up and subscribe to my
channel
I will be very glad to you